
Anything that is not the following is an object:

    string
    number
    boolean
    null
    undefined

Three categories of objects:

    1. Navtive: defined by ECMA specification
    2. Hosted:  defined by host enviroment within which the JS interpreter is embeded.
    3. User-definded

Two categories of properties:

    1. own property
    2. inherited property

Object also has attributes associated with it:

    object attribute (ECMA 5):

        prototype    : reference to other object
        class        : a string to categorized the type
        extensible   : whether new properties may be addded


Object has properties, and a property has (1) name, (2) value
and, (3) attributes associate to that properties:

    (1) name:

            name of a property can be any string (include empty string)

    (2) value :

            value of a property can be either "simple data value" or "accessor value":

            • simple data value:
                - can be any JS value (immutable primitive value or another object)
                - if simple data value is present this property is call *data property*
            • accessor value:
                - ECMA 5 feature
                - consist of a getter method and a setter method
                - either a getter or a setter or both getter and setter are present
                - if accessor value is present this property is call *accessor property*

    (3) property attributes: property attribute has three items:

        3a. writable attributes     : whether value can be set
        3b. enumerable attributes   : whether name can be returned by for/in loop
        3c. configurable attributes : whether property can be deleted, and whether
                                       its attributes can be altered


    For simplicity and to help understanding, you can consider value of a
    property being attribute of that property.

    Follow this logic, a property has a name and a set of four attributes:

        The four attributes of a data property are

                value,
                writable,
                enumerable, and
                configurable.

        The four attributes of an accessor property are

                get method,
                set method,
                enumerable, and
                configurable.,

            Accessor properties don’t have a value attribute or a writable attribute:
                their writability is determined by the presence or absence of a setter.




--------------------------------------------------------------------


Summary

    Property of an object:
    ----------------------

    An object has properties, a property has a name and a set of 4 attributes.

    The properties on an object, can either be "data property" or "accessor property".

    If the property is a data property, the 4 attributes are:

        1. value attribute
        2. writable attribute
        3. enumerable attribute
        4. configurable attribute

    If the property is a accessor property, the 4 attributes are:

        1. get method
        2. set method
        3. enumerable attribute
        4. configurable attribute

    Note that accesor property does not have writable attribute, its writability is
    determined by the presence/absence of setter method.

    A property of an object can either located on itself (own property) or located in its
    parent property (inherited property)

    Attribute of an Object:
    -----------------------

    In addition to properties, an object also has a set of 3 attribute (ECMA 5):

        1. prototype    : reference to other object
        2. class        : a string to categorized the type
        3. extensible   : whether new properties may be addded

